# Welcome to Task 1: Object Oriented Programming!
## Here's the background information for your task

Accenture is a Global Fortune 500 company that provides consulting and processing services across many different domains. Software Engineers at Accenture may work on a vast range of programming languages and frameworks. Recently, a company has brought on Accenture to help with the development of its e-commerce website written in Java using the Spring Boot framework. The first task they need help with is searching for products.

One of the UX designers at Accenture has already implemented the new search capability in the UI. It’s your responsibility to implement the search capability in our backend Java app. The new class will need to meet the following requirements:

- Expose an HTTP GET request on the path /api/products/search
The request should take a single parameter named “query” which will be the text that was entered in the search bar
- The request will return a Collection of ProductItem which are the matching products for the search.

# Here is your task
Spring Boot is a framework designed to make writing Java services as easy as can be. You’ll need to implement a new controller to handle searching.

1. Implement the "search" method of the class [SearchController](../src/main/java/com/mockcompany/webapp/controller/SearchController.java), the relevant code is outlined with a TODO comment
2. The controller should use the “productItemRepository” to interface with the product database
3. By using Test Driven Development, we've already written the specification for how the controller should work. It's your responsibility to review the tests and implement the controller to the [SearchControllerSpec](../src/test/groovy/com/mockcompany/webapp/controller/SearchControllerSpec.groovy).

# Workflow
1. Make sure your working directory is clean.  
```
git status
```
This is good practice before manipulating a git repository
2. Create and switch to a new branch for your work on the task
For example:
```
git checkout -b task-one
```
3. Review the SearchControllerSpec and implement the search method in the SearchController based on the specifications.
4. Run the SearchControllerSpec. Do all of your test cases pass? If not, repeat step 3. Read the failed tests carefully and keep working through until all tests pass.
- Add and commit as you work your way through the exercise
- Push your branch
- (Optionally) Check out the branch containing the solution for the exercise
```
git checkout task-one-solution
```
All branches that correspond to each task also have a branch suffixed with `-solution`

## [Next Step >>](./2.task-two.md)