# Welcome to Task 2!
## Here's the background information for your task

A company has brought on Accenture to take over the development of their e-commerce website. You’ve recently implemented a new search API for them and now we’ve identified some code in the ReportController class that seems to be doing similar product searching. You will need to refactor the SearchController logic into a new SearchService class that can be used in the SearchController as well as in the ReportController. Your changes must meet the following requirements:

- Logic moved from SearchController to SearchService
- SearchController and ReportController both updated to use the SearchService
- All unit tests pass

# Here is your task
In Spring, controllers are used to provide functionality over the web. Services, on the other hand, provide functionality that can be reused anywhere throughout an application. In this case, the controllers will be refactored to use a shared service. In this task you’ll need to do the following:
1. Create the new SearchService class in the “[service](../mock_company_application_codebase/src/main/java/com/mockcompany/webapp/service)” package. All of the search logic from the SearchController should be moved into a function in this class for reusability. The relevant code is outlined with a TODO comment.
2. Using @Autowired, inject the SearchService into the SearchController and ReportController.
3. Refactor both controller classes to use the service by rewriting their functions to use the new service.
4. Ensure unit tests all pass. You can review all of the [Specs](../mock_company_application_codebase/src/test/groovy/com/mockcompany/webapp/controller) here. Run each Spec upon task completion to validate they all pass. 

**When you're done, you should have three files with work complete in them:**
1. SearchController Java File
2. SearchService Java File
3. ReportController Java File

# Workflow
1. Make sure your working directory is clean.
```
git status
```
This is good practice before manipulating a git repository
2. Create and switch to a new branch for your work on the task
   For example:
```
git checkout -b task-two
```
3. Complete the tasks
4. Ensure unit tests pass.

- Add and commit as you work your way through the exercise
- Push your branch
- (Optionally) Check out the branch containing the solution for the exercise
```
git checkout task-two-solution
```
All branches that correspond to each task also have a branch suffixed with `-solution`

## [Next Step >>](./3.task-three.md)