# Welcome to Task 3: Continuous Integration!
# Here is your task

Continuous Integration is the practice of automating the integration of code changes from multiple contributors into a single software project. It's a primary DevOps best practice, allowing developers to frequently merge code changes into a central repository where building and test runs can occur. In this task, we’re going to be using the most popular Continuous Integration tool, Jenkins. We’ll be creating a Jenkinsfile that will build and test the application on all branches of the repository.

The following requirements will need to be met for this task:
- GitHub account created, Git CLI setup, mock-company-webapp repository forked and cloned
- Jenkinsfile defined with stages setting it up to run on commit to any branch in the repository
- Continuous Integration server runs build/test and succeeds
- Change made to code that breaks test. Continuous Integration server runs build/test and fails

# Here's what you need to do
Jenkins is the most popular Continuous Integration server in the world. In this task, you will be defining your build steps using the Jenkinsfile format. You will run these using a Jenkins Cloud Instance for GitHub or simulating Jenkins using the Jenkinsfile Runner Action in a GitHub Workflow.

Follow these steps to complete the task:

1. Install the [Pipelines application](https://github.com/marketplace/papio-pipelines) from the GitHub marketplace to use Jenkins directly or use the [Simulated Jenkins](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkinsfile-runner-github-actions#how-to-use-the-action) for GitHub link to add a .github/workflows/workflow.yml to the repository.
2. Add the following stages to the [Jenkinsfile](../Jenkinsfile), the relevant code is outlined with a TODO comment.
- Build: ./gradlew assemble
- Test: ./gradlew test
3. Continue to tweak the [Jenkinsfile](../Jenkinsfile) until the build is successful
4. Change the SearchService to always return Collections.emptyList() in order to break the tests.
5. Commit the change and validate the Continuous Integration build fails. This proves that we’ve properly set up Continuous Integration guard rails, that will catch failing tests each time a commit is made by a developer!

# Workflow
1. Make sure your working directory is clean.
```
git status
```
This is good practice before manipulating a git repository
2. Create and switch to a new branch for your work on the task
   For example:
```
git checkout -b task-three
```
3. Complete the tasks
4. You will need to review the solution to be sure that your solution is correct

- Add and commit as you work your way through the exercise
- Push your branch

When you're finished, check out the solution branch to compare your work.
Check out to the branch containing the solution for the exercise:
```
git checkout task-three-solution
```