# Welcome to Task 4: Agile Planning!
## Here is your task

In an Agile planning session, developers are given a set of large software features that they then must break up into smaller units of work, called stories, that can be completed within a one to three week period, called a sprint. A story is an informal, general explanation of a software feature written from the perspective of the end user or customer and is made up of the following components:

- Who the feature is for
- What they need
- Why they need it
- What shows it’s done

Stories are written in the following format: As a <who the feature is for>, I need to be able to <what they need> so I can <why they need it>. The “what shows it’s done”, called acceptance criteria, must be provided with the story as well.

Stories are then pointed or sized which means to assign some kind of value indicating the difficulty of implementing the story. You will be using a T-Shirt size strategy which means you will assign a value of small/medium/large to each story. It's very important that stories are broken down as small as they can be so try and keep them either small or medium. This allows for better concurrency throughout the sprint and easier completion within a single sprint.

**What you need to do:**
While the client’s e-commerce site has made lots of progress, it’s still a ways off from being ready to do business. We’ll be planning a sprint to implement the checkout feature of the site. This will involve features like the cart, payment, and shipping! Given this broad feature we’ll be working on next, create a document that defines around 10 to 20 stories around the checkout feature.

To help you get started, there is a link to a format for a [sample story](SampleStories.docx). Make sure the stories are broken up as small as possible, and the acceptance criteria is testable!

# Workflow
1. Use Google Docs or a Word file of choice to write your user stories.
2. See the solution by checking out to the branch below.
```
git checkout task-four-solution
```
All branches that correspond to each task also have a branch suffixed with `-solution`
